# AmendRequestAmendOptions

Use the `AmendOptions` container to specify billing options, such as invoice generation and when to process payments. 
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**application_order** | **list[str]** | The priority order to apply credit memos and/or unapplied payments to an invoice. Possible item values are: &#x60;CreditMemo&#x60;, &#x60;UnappliedPayment&#x60;.  **Note:**   - This field is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled and set the &#x60;X-Zuora-WSDL-Version&#x60; request header to &#x60;107&#x60; or later.   - This field is valid only if the &#x60;applyCredit&#x60; field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;.   - If no value is specified for this field, the default priority order is used, [\&quot;CreditMemo\&quot;, \&quot;UnappliedPayment\&quot;], to apply credit memos first and then apply unapplied payments.   - If only one item is specified, only the items of the spedified type are applied to invoices. For example, if the value is &#x60;[\&quot;CreditMemo\&quot;]&#x60;, only credit memos are used to apply to invoices.  | [optional] 
**apply_credit** | **bool** | Whether to automatically apply credit memos or unapplied payments, or both to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit memo or unapplied payment, or both will be automatically applied to the invoice. If no value is specified or the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  **Note**: This field is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled and set the &#x60;X-Zuora-WSDL-Version&#x60; request header to &#x60;107&#x60; or later.  | [optional] 
**apply_credit_balance** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**electronic_payment_options** | [**ElectronicPaymentOptions**](ElectronicPaymentOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**external_payment_options** | [**ExternalPaymentOptions**](ExternalPaymentOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**generate_invoice** | **bool** | Determines whether to generate an invoice to immediately bill the customer for a new product or changes of Terms And Conditions. As a best practice, set this value to true to prevent any errors that might occur if the account has a balance.  **Note:**  * Even if you do not include this field in the amend action, Zuora still parses this field with the default value - &#x60;true&#x60;, when processing the amend action. If you do not want to generate the invoice after creating the New Product or Term And Condition amendment, set the value of this field to &#x60;false&#x60; in the request. * If &#x60;EnablePreviewMode&#x3D;true&#x60; is specified in the PreviewOptions container, then preview mode will be enabled and an invoice will not be generated, regardless of whether &#x60;GenerateInvoice&#x60; is specified as &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**invoice_processing_options** | [**InvoiceProcessingOptions**](InvoiceProcessingOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**process_payments** | **bool** | Determines whether to collect payment against the invoice generated by the amend() call.   **Note:**  * Even if you do not include this field in the amend action, Zuora still parses this field with the default value, true, when processing the amend action. If you do not want to collect payment against the generated invoice after creating the New Product or Term And Condition amendment, set the value of this field to &#x60;false&#x60; in the request.  * If you have the [Invoice Settlement](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement) feature enabled, Zuora does not support using this field to collect payments against invoices.  If a temporary error that Zuora cannot create or submit a payment to the gateway is seen, Zuora will automatically retry the action to collect the payment.  You can contact [Zuora Global Support](https://support.zuora.com/) to set the maximum number of retries that Zuora can perform. The number can range from 0 to 2 with a default value of 0. However, retrying the request can make the API call take longer than expected. Zuora does not guarantee the retry could be completed within the timeout limit.   **Note**: The retry mechanism does not support the preview mode of the amend() call.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


