# CreateOrderOrderAction

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**add_product** | [**CreateOrderRatePlanOverride**](CreateOrderRatePlanOverride.md) |  | [optional] 
**cancel_subscription** | [**CancelSubscription**](CancelSubscription.md) |  | [optional] 
**create_subscription** | [**CreateOrderCreateSubscription**](CreateOrderCreateSubscription.md) |  | [optional] 
**custom_fields** | **dict(str, object)** | Container for custom fields of an Order Action object.  | [optional] 
**owner_transfer** | [**OwnerTransfer**](OwnerTransfer.md) |  | [optional] 
**remove_product** | [**RemoveProduct**](RemoveProduct.md) |  | [optional] 
**resume** | [**CreateOrderResume**](CreateOrderResume.md) |  | [optional] 
**suspend** | [**CreateOrderSuspend**](CreateOrderSuspend.md) |  | [optional] 
**terms_and_conditions** | [**CreateOrderTermsAndConditions**](CreateOrderTermsAndConditions.md) |  | [optional] 
**trigger_dates** | [**list[TriggerDate]**](TriggerDate.md) | Container for the contract effective, service activation, and customer acceptance dates of the order action.   If [Zuora is configured to require service activation](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings#Require_Service_Activation_of_Orders.3F) and the &#x60;ServiceActivation&#x60; field is not set for a &#x60;CreateSubscription&#x60; order action, a &#x60;Pending&#x60; order and a &#x60;Pending Activation&#x60; subscription are created.  If [Zuora is configured to require customer acceptance](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings#Require_Customer_Acceptance_of_Orders.3F) and the &#x60;CustomerAcceptance&#x60; field is not set for a &#x60;CreateSubscription&#x60; order action, a &#x60;Pending&#x60; order and a &#x60;Pending Acceptance&#x60; subscription are created. At the same time, if the service activation date field is also required and not set, a &#x60;Pending&#x60; order and a &#x60;Pending Activation&#x60; subscription are created instead.  If [Zuora is configured to require service activation](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings#Require_Service_Activation_of_Orders.3F) and the &#x60;ServiceActivation&#x60; field is not set for either of the following order actions, a &#x60;Pending&#x60; order is created. The subscription status is not impacted. **Note:** This feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you want to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  * AddProduct  * UpdateProduct  * RemoveProduct  * RenewSubscription  * TermsAndConditions  If [Zuora is configured to require customer acceptance](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings#Require_Customer_Acceptance_of_Orders.3F) and the &#x60;CustomerAcceptance&#x60; field is not set for either of the following order actions, a &#x60;Pending&#x60; order is created. The subscription status is not impacted. **Note:** This feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you want to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  * AddProduct  * UpdateProduct  * RemoveProduct  * RenewSubscription  * TermsAndConditions  | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | Type of order action.  Unless the type of order action is &#x60;RenewSubscription&#x60;, you must use the corresponding field to provide information about the order action. For example, if the type of order action is &#x60;AddProduct&#x60;, you must set the &#x60;addProduct&#x60; field.  Zuora returns an error if you set a field that corresponds to a different type of order action. For example, if the type of order action is &#x60;AddProduct&#x60;, Zuora returns an error if you set the &#x60;updateProduct&#x60; field.  A [pending order](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BC_Subscription_Management/Orders/Pending_Order_and_Subscription) supports the following order actions:  * CreateSubscription  * AddProduct  * UpdateProduct  * RemoveProduct  * RenewSubscription  * TermsAndConditions  However, pending orders created through all order actions except for \&quot;Create new subscription\&quot;:  * Do not impact the subscription status.  * Are in **Limited Availability**. If you want to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](https://support.zuora.com).   A pending order is created in either of the following conditions:  * [Zuora is configured to require service activation](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings#Require_Service_Activation_of_Orders.3F) and the service activation date is not set in your \&quot;Create an order\&quot; call.  * [Zuora is configured to require customer acceptance](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings#Require_Customer_Acceptance_of_Orders.3F) and the customer acceptance date is not set in your \&quot;Create an order\&quot; call.  * When a charge in the subscription has its &#x60;triggerEvent&#x60; field set as &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60; and the &#x60;specificTriggerDate&#x60; field is not set in your \&quot;Create an order\&quot; API call.  | 
**update_product** | [**CreateOrderRatePlanUpdate**](CreateOrderRatePlanUpdate.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


