# POSTAccountTypePaymentMethod

Container for information on payment methods to associate with this account. To create a credit card payment method when creating an account, Zuora recommends that you use this field instead of the `creditCard` field.  Note that you can not use this field together with `creditCard` or `hpmCreditCardPaymentMethodId` to create a payment method. 
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **str** | Type of payment method. Possible values include:  * &#x60;PayPalEC&#x60; - PayPal Express Checkout payment method. Use this type if you are using a [PayPal Payflow Pro Gateway](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways/PayPal_Payflow_Pro%2C_Website_Payments_Payflow_Edition%2C_Website_Pro_Payment_Gateway) instance. * &#x60;PayPalNativeEC&#x60; - PayPal Native Express Checkout payment method. Use this type if you are using a [PayPal Express Checkout Gateway](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways/PayPal_Express_Checkout_Gateway) instance. * &#x60;PayPalAdaptive&#x60; - PayPal Adaptive payment method. Use this type if you are using a [PayPal Adaptive Payment Gateway](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways/PayPal_Adaptive_Payments_Gateway) instance. * &#x60;CreditCard&#x60; - Credit card payment method. * &#x60;CreditCardReferenceTransaction&#x60; - Credit Card Reference Transaction. See [Supported payment methods](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Supported_Payment_Methods) for payment gateways that support this type of payment method. * &#x60;ACH&#x60; - ACH payment method. * &#x60;SEPA&#x60; - Single Euro Payments Area. * &#x60;Betalingsservice&#x60; - Direct Debit DK. * &#x60;Autogiro&#x60; - Direct Debit SE. * &#x60;Bacs&#x60; - Direct Debit UK. * &#x60;Becs&#x60; - Direct Entry AU. * &#x60;Becsnz&#x60; - Direct Debit NZ. * &#x60;PAD&#x60; - Pre-Authorized Debit. * &#x60;AdyenApplePay&#x60; - Apple Pay on Adyen Integration v2.0. This support is only available in the Sandbox environment. See [Set up Adyen Apple Pay](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Payment_Method_Types/Apple_Pay_on_Web/Set_up_Adyen_Apple_Pay) for details. * &#x60;AdyenGooglePay&#x60; - Google Pay on Adyen Integration v2.0. This support is only available in the Sandbox environment. See [Set up Adyen Google Pay](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Payment_Method_Types/Set_up_Adyen_Google_Pay) for details. * You can also specify a custom payment method type. This type is only available if the Universal Payment Connector and Open Payment Method services are enabled. See [Set up custom payment gateways and payment methods](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/MB_Set_up_custom_payment_gateways_and_payment_methods) for details.  | 
**baid** | **str** | ID of a PayPal billing agreement. For example, I-1TJ3GAGG82Y9.  | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Email address associated with the payment method. This field is required if you want to create a PayPal Express Checkout payment method or a PayPal Adaptive payment method.  | [optional] 
**preapproval_key** | **str** | The PayPal preapproval key.  | [optional] 
**card_holder_info** | [**CreatePaymentMethodCardholderInfo**](CreatePaymentMethodCardholderInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**card_number** | **str** | Credit card number.  | [optional] 
**card_type** | **str** | The type of the credit card.  Possible values include &#x60;Visa&#x60;, &#x60;MasterCard&#x60;, &#x60;AmericanExpress&#x60;, &#x60;Discover&#x60;, &#x60;JCB&#x60;, and &#x60;Diners&#x60;. For more information about credit card types supported by different payment gateways, see [Supported Payment Gateways](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways).  | [optional] 
**check_duplicated** | **bool** | Indicates whether the duplication check is performed when you create a new credit card payment method. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.  With this field set to &#x60;true&#x60;, Zuora will check all active payment methods associated with the same billing account to ensure that no duplicate credit card payment methods are created. An error is returned if a duplicate payment method is found.          The following fields are used for the duplication check:   * &#x60;cardHolderName&#x60;   * &#x60;expirationMonth&#x60;   * &#x60;expirationYear&#x60;   * &#x60;creditCardMaskNumber&#x60;. It is the masked credit card number generated by Zuora. For example:     &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;     ************1234     &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  | [optional] 
**expiration_month** | **int** | One or two digit expiration month (1-12) of the credit card.  | [optional] 
**expiration_year** | **int** | Four-digit expiration year of the credit card.  | [optional] 
**mit_consent_agreement_ref** | **str** | Specifies your reference for the stored credential consent agreement that you have established with the customer. Only applicable if you set the &#x60;mitProfileAction&#x60; field.  | [optional] 
**mit_consent_agreement_src** | **str** | Required if you set the &#x60;mitProfileAction&#x60; field.  | [optional] 
**mit_network_transaction_id** | **str** | Specifies the ID of a network transaction. Only applicable if you set the &#x60;mitProfileAction&#x60; field to &#x60;Persist&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**mit_profile_action** | **str** | If you set this field, Zuora creates a stored credential profile within the payment method.  **Note:** This feature is in the **Early Adopters** phase. We are actively soliciting feedback from a small set of early adopters before releasing as generally available.  * &#x60;Activate&#x60; - Use this value if you are creating the stored credential profile after receiving the customer&#39;s consent.    Zuora will create the stored credential profile then send a cardholder-initiated transaction (CIT) to the payment gateway to validate the stored credential profile. If the CIT succeeds, the status of the stored credential profile will be &#x60;Active&#x60;. If the CIT does not succeed, Zuora will not create a stored credential profile.      If the payment gateway does not support the stored credential transaction framework, the status of the stored credential profile will be &#x60;Agreed&#x60;.   * &#x60;Persist&#x60; - Use this value if the stored credential profile represents a stored credential profile in an external system. The status of the payment method&#39;s stored credential profile will be &#x60;Active&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**mit_profile_agreed_on** | **date** | The date on which the profile is agreed. The date format is &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**mit_profile_type** | **str** | Required if you set the &#x60;mitProfileAction&#x60; field. Indicates the type of the stored credential profile to process recurring or unsecheduled transactions.  | [optional] 
**security_code** | **str** | CVV or CVV2 security code of the credit card.  To ensure PCI compliance, this value is not stored and cannot be queried.  | [optional] 
**address_line1** | **str** | First address line, 255 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**address_line2** | **str** | Second address line, 255 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**bank_aba_code** | **str** | The nine-digit routing number or ABA number used by banks. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**bank_account_name** | **str** | The name of the account holder, which can be either a person or a company. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**bank_account_number** | **str** | The bank account number associated with the ACH payment. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**bank_account_type** | **str** | The type of bank account associated with the ACH payment. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**bank_name** | **str** | The name of the bank where the ACH payment account is held. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**city** | **str** | City, 40 characters or less.       | [optional] 
**country** | **str** | Country, must be a valid country name or abbreviation.  | [optional] 
**phone** | **str** | Phone number, 40 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | State, must be a valid state name or 2-character abbreviation.  | [optional] 
**zip_code** | **str** | Zip code, 20 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**account_key** | **str** | Internal ID of the customer account that will own the payment method.   To create an orphan payment method that is not associated with any customer account, you do not need to specify this field during creation. However, you must associate the orphan payment method with a customer account within 10 days. Otherwise, this orphan payment method will be deleted.  | [optional] 
**auth_gateway** | **str** | Internal ID of the payment gateway that Zuora will use to authorize the payments that are made with the payment method.  If you do not set this field, Zuora will use one of the following payment gateways instead:  * The default payment gateway of the customer account that owns the payment method, if the &#x60;accountKey&#x60; field is set. * The default payment gateway of your Zuora tenant, if the &#x60;accountKey&#x60; field is not set.  | [optional] 
**gateway_options** | [**CreatePaymentMethodCommonGatewayOptions**](CreatePaymentMethodCommonGatewayOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**make_default** | **bool** | Specifies whether the payment method will be the default payment method of the customer account that owns the payment method. Only applicable if the &#x60;accountKey&#x60; field is set.  | [optional] [default to False]
**mandate_info** | [**CreatePaymentMethodCommonMandateInfo**](CreatePaymentMethodCommonMandateInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**skip_validation** | **bool** | Specify whether to skip the validation of the information through the payment gateway. For example, when migrating your payment methods, you can set this field to &#x60;true&#x60; to skip the validation.   | [optional] [default to False]
**iban** | **str** | The International Bank Account Number. This field is used to create the SEPA payment method.  | [optional] 
**account_holder_info** | [**CreatePaymentMethodBankTransferAccountHolderInfo**](CreatePaymentMethodBankTransferAccountHolderInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**account_number** | **str** | The number of the customer&#39;s bank account. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.  | [optional] 
**bank_code** | **str** | The sort code or number that identifies the bank. This is also known as the sort code.   | [optional] 
**branch_code** | **str** | The branch code of the bank used for direct debit.    | [optional] 
**business_identification_code** | **str** | The BIC code used for SEPA.  | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **str** | The currency used for payment method authorization.  If this field is not specified, &#x60;currency&#x60; specified for the account is used for payment method authorization. If no currency is specified for the account, the default currency of the account is then used.  | [optional] 
**identity_number** | **str** | The identity number used for Bank Transfer.  | [optional] 
**credit_card_mask_number** | **str** | The masked credit card number, such as: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; *********1112 &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  This field is specific for the CC Reference Transaction payment method. It is an optional field that you can use to distinguish different CC Reference Transaction payment methods.  Though there are no special restrictions on the input string, it is highly recommended to specify a card number that is masked.  | [optional] 
**second_token_id** | **str** | A gateway unique identifier that replaces sensitive payment method data.   &#x60;secondTokenId&#x60; is conditionally required only when &#x60;tokenId&#x60; is being used to represent a gateway customer profile. &#x60;secondTokenId&#x60; is used in the CC Reference Transaction payment method.  | [optional] 
**token_id** | **str** | A gateway unique identifier that replaces sensitive payment method data or represents a gateway&#39;s unique customer profile. &#x60;tokenId&#x60; is required for the CC Reference Transaction payment method.  When &#x60;tokenId&#x60; is used to represent a customer profile, &#x60;secondTokenId&#x60; is conditionally required for representing the underlying tokenized payment method.  When creating an ACH payment method, if you need to pass in tokenized information, use the &#x60;mandateId&#x60; instead of &#x60;tokenId&#x60; field.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


