# POSTSubscriptionCancellationType

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**application_order** | **list[str]** | The priority order to apply credit memos and/or unapplied payments to an invoice. Possible item values are: &#x60;CreditMemo&#x60;, &#x60;UnappliedPayment&#x60;.  **Note:**   - This field is valid only if the &#x60;applyCredit&#x60; field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;.   - If no value is specified for this field, the default priority order is used, [\&quot;CreditMemo\&quot;, \&quot;UnappliedPayment\&quot;], to apply credit memos first and then apply unapplied payments.   - If only one item is specified, only the items of the spedified type are applied to invoices. For example, if the value is &#x60;[\&quot;CreditMemo\&quot;]&#x60;, only credit memos are used to apply to invoices.  | [optional] 
**apply_credit** | **bool** | Whether to automatically apply credit memos or unapplied payments, or both to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit memo or unapplied payment, or both will be automatically applied to the invoice. If no value is specified or the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  **Note:** This field is only available if you have [Invoice Settlement](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement) enabled. The Invoice Settlement feature is generally available as of Zuora Billing Release 296 (March 2021). This feature includes Unapplied Payments, Credit and Debit Memo, and Invoice Item Settlement. If you want to enable Invoice Settlement, see [Invoice Settlement Enablement and Checklist Guide](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement/Invoice_Settlement_Migration_Checklist_and_Guide) for more information.  | [optional] 
**apply_credit_balance** | **bool** | Whether to automatically apply a credit balance to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit balance is applied to the invoice. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.   To view the credit balance adjustment, retrieve the details of the invoice using the Get Invoices method.  Prerequisite: &#x60;invoice&#x60; must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note:**    - If you are using the field &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; rather than the field &#x60;invoice&#x60;, the &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; value must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   - This field is deprecated if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.  | [optional] 
**cancellation_effective_date** | **date** | Date the cancellation takes effect, in the format yyyy-mm-dd.  Use only if &#x60;cancellationPolicy&#x60; is &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60;. Should not be earlier than the subscription contract-effective date, later than the subscription term-end date, or within a period for which the customer has been invoiced.  | [optional] 
**cancellation_policy** | **str** | Cancellation method. Possible values are: &#x60;EndOfCurrentTerm&#x60;, &#x60;EndOfLastInvoicePeriod&#x60;, &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60;. If using &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60;, the &#x60;cancellationEffectiveDate&#x60; field is required.  | 
**collect** | **bool** | Collects an automatic payment for a subscription. The collection generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the automatic payment is collected. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  Prerequisite: The &#x60;invoice&#x60; or &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;196.0&#x60; or later.  | [optional] [default to False]
**contract_effective_date** | **date** | The date when the customer notifies you that they want to cancel their subscription.  | [optional] 
**document_date** | **date** | The date of the billing document, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. It represents the invoice date for invoices, credit memo date for credit memos, and debit memo date for debit memos.  - If this field is specified, the specified date is used as the billing document date.  - If this field is not specified, the date specified in the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; is used as the billing document date.  | [optional] 
**invoice** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoice&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Creates an invoice for a subscription. The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is created. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.    This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;196.0&#x60; and &#x60;207.0&#x60;. To use this field in the method, you must set the zuora-version parameter to the minor version number in the request header.   | [optional] 
**invoice_collect** | **bool** | This field has been replaced by the &#x60;invoice&#x60; field and the &#x60;collect&#x60; field. &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; is available only for backward compatibility.  If this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is generated and payment automatically collected.  **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;186.0&#x60;, &#x60;187.0&#x60;, &#x60;188.0&#x60;, or &#x60;189.0&#x60;.  | [default to False]
**invoice_target_date** | **date** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoiceTargetDate&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;207.0&#x60; and earlier.    | [optional] 
**run_billing** | **bool** | Creates an invoice for a subscription. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created based on the [invoice and credit memo generation rule](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Invoice_Settlement/Credit_and_Debit_Memos/Rules_for_Generating_Invoices_and_Credit_Memos).     The billing documents generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   Possible values:  - &#x60;true&#x60;: An invoice is created. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created.   - &#x60;false&#x60;: No invoice is created.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to False]
**target_date** | **date** | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice or a credit memo is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   **Note:** The credit memo is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; and later. To use this field in the method, you must set the  &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


