# PreviewOptions

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**preview_number_of_periods** | **int** | The number of periods to preview when the value of the &#x60;previewThroughType&#x60; field is set to &#x60;NumberOfPeriods&#x60;. | [optional] 
**preview_thru_type** | **str** | The options on how the preview through date is calculated. Available for preview only. The &#39;TermEnd&#39; option is invalid when any subscription included in this order is evergreen.   If set the value of this field to &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60;, you must specify a specific date in the &#39;specificPreviewThruDate&#39; field.  If set the value of this field to &#x60;NumberOfPeriods&#x60;, you must use the &#x60;previewNumberOfPeriods&#x60; field to specify how many periods you want to preview.  | [optional] 
**preview_types** | **list[str]** | One or more types of the preview. It can include:  * ChargeMetrics: charge level metrics will be returned in the response, including: &#x60;cmrr&#x60;, &#x60;tcv&#x60;, &#x60;tcb&#x60;, and &#x60;tax&#x60;. * BillingDocs: &#x60;invoices&#x60; and &#x60;creditMemos&#x60; will be returned in the response. Note &#x60;creditMemos&#x60; is only available if the Invoice Settlement feature is enabled. * OrderDeltaMetrics: order delta metrics will be returned in the response, including: &#x60;orderDeltaMrr&#x60;, &#x60;orderDeltaTcb&#x60; and  &#x60;orderDeltaTcv&#x60;. * OrderMetrics: order metrics will be returned in the response, including: &#x60;quantity&#x60;, &#x60;mrr&#x60;, &#x60;tcb&#x60;, &#x60;tcv&#x60;, and &#x60;elp&#x60;. **Note:** As of Zuora Billing Release 306, Zuora has upgraded the methodologies for calculating metrics in [Orders](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Subscriptions/Orders). The new methodologies are reflected in the OrderDeltaMetrics. It is recommended that all customers use the [Order Delta Metrics](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Subscriptions/Orders/Order_Delta_Metrics/AA_Overview_of_Order_Delta_Metrics). If you are an existing [Order Metrics](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Subscriptions/Orders/AA_Overview_of_Orders/Key_Metrics_for_Orders) customer and want to migrate to Order Delta Metrics, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](https://support.zuora.com/). Whereas new customers, and existing customers not currently on [Order Metrics](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Subscriptions/Orders/AA_Overview_of_Orders/Key_Metrics_for_Orders), will no longer have access to Order Metrics, existing customers currently using Order Metrics will continue to be supported. * RampMetrics: ramp metrics will be returned in the response, including: &#x60;quantity&#x60;, &#x60;mrr&#x60;, &#x60;tcb&#x60;, &#x60;tcv&#x60; metrics for each charge and each ramp interval. * RampDeltaMetrics: ramp metrics changes will be returned in the response, including: &#x60;deltaQuantity&#x60;, &#x60;deltaMrr&#x60;, &#x60;deltaTcb&#x60;, &#x60;deltaTcv&#x60; metrics for each charge and each ramp interval.  | [optional] 
**specific_preview_thru_date** | **date** | The end date of the order preview. You can preview the invoice charges through the preview through date. (Invoice preview only)   **Note:** This field is only applicable if the &#39;previewThruType&#39; field is set to &#39;SpecificDate&#39;.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


